Add new struct called RMSEVariable and necessary functionalities for plotting (#91)
CliMA/ClimaAnalysis.jl: docs/src/visualize_rmse_var.md

# Visualizing `RMSEVariable`s

Instead of computing summary statistics, it may be more helpful to plot a box plot or a
heatmap. `ClimaAnalysis` provides the functions `plot_boxplot!` and `plot_leaderboard!`
to help visualize the root mean squared errors (RMSEs) in a `RMSEVariable`.

> The function `plot_boxplot!(fig, rmse_var::ClimaAnalysis.RMSEVariable; model_names =
> ["CliMA"], ploc = (1, 1), best_and_worst_category_name = "ANN")` makes a box plot for each
> category in the `RMSEVariable`. The best model and worst model and any other models in
> `model_names` are plotted. The category to find the best and worst model defaults to
> "ANN", but can be changed using the parameter `best_and_worst_category_name`.
> 
> The function `plot_leaderboard!(fig, rmse_vars::ClimaAnalysis.RMSEVariable...;
> ploc = (1, 1), model_names = ["CliMA"], best_category_name = "ANN")` makes a heatmap of the
> RMSEs between the variables of interest and the categories. The best model for each variable
> of interest and the models in `model_names` are shown in the heatmap. Similar to
> `plot_boxplot!`, the category to find the best model defaults to "ANN", but can be changed
> using the parameter `best_category_name`. The values of the heatmap are normalized by
> dividing over the median model's RMSEs for each variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function [`plot_boxplot!`(@ref) makes a box plot for each
category in the `RMSEVariable`. The best model and worst model and any other models in
`model_names` are plotted. The category to find the best and worst model defaults to
"ANN", but can be changed using the parameter `best_and_worst_category_name`.

The function [`plot_leaderboard!`](@ref) makes a heatmap of the
RMSEs between the variables of interest and the categories. The best model for each variable
of interest and the models in `model_names` are shown in the heatmap. Similar to
`plot_boxplot!`, the category to find the best model defaults to "ANN", but can be changed
using the parameter `best_category_name`. The values of the heatmap are normalized by
dividing over the median model's RMSEs for each variable.
```
